MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Euro Jackpot Statistics

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

DISCLAIMER:
This project is for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not 
affiliated with Veikkaus, Euro Jackpot, or any official lottery organization. 
The lottery data used is for demonstration purposes and may not reflect actual 
current results. Always refer to official lottery websites for real results.

RESPONSIBLE GAMBLING:
This software is designed to educate users about lottery odds and promote 
responsible gambling awareness. Gambling can be addictive. If you or someone 
you know has a gambling problem, please seek help from appropriate resources:

- Finland: Peluuri.fi
- International: Contact your local gambling addiction helpline

The creators of this software do not encourage gambling and are not responsible 
for any gambling-related decisions made by users of this software.
